Replace license header checker, and update license headers. (#43)
QuiltMC/quilt-standard-libraries: CONTRIBUTING.md

In the case of a pseudo-local variable (a field used briefly to pass around a local variable of a method between 2 injections of said method),
the field should be named with the namespace first, then the name of the injected method, and finally the name of the local (`quilt$injectedMethod$localName`).

## Licensing

> Quilt Standard Libraries are licensed under [Apache 2.0][LICENSE], which means your contributions should not introduce code of incompatible licensing.

Reviewer: Don't ask me why, but "QSL" needs no definite article and "Quilt Standard Libraries" usually does
```suggestion
QSL is licensed under [Apache 2.0][LICENSE], which means contributions should not introduce incompatibly licensed code.
```

### License Headers

> Every Java source file in QSL has a license header, it allows keeping track of creation date,
> and last modification for the copyright notice of each file individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Java source file in QSL has a license header with a copyright notice that keeps track of its creation date and last modification date.
```

Two gradle tasks are dedicated to them:
 - `:checkLicenses` will check the presence and validity of the license header in each Java source file;

>  - `:applyLicenses` will automatically apply to Java source file the correct license header,
>     it can be used to append the header if it's missing, to update dates, and to update in the whole code base easily
>     every license headers if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `:applyLicenses` will automatically apply the correct license header to every Java source file;
    it can be used to add missing headers and update copyright dates across the whole code base.
```

> So, before committing, remember executing `:applyLicenses`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, before committing, remember to run `:applyLicenses`!
```

#### Derivative Work

> If your work isn't entirely original, then the default license header should not apply, here's what to do in different cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your work isn't entirely original, then the default license header should not apply. Here's what to do in different cases:
```

##### My work comes from Fabric API

If your work comes from Fabric API, then you should put `/// FABRIC` at the beginning of your file,
or in the case you're copying an entire file in it, you can just keep the same header without modification.

> Make sure to execute the `:applyLicenses` task as it will apply a special license header to Fabric API-derived files mentioning Fabric's copyright notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to execute the `:applyLicenses` task as it will apply a special license header to Fabric API-derived files mentioning Fabric's copyright notice. **Files derived from Fabric must use this license header!**
```

##### My work comes from somewhere else

> If it's your own, then not much is needed to be done if you don't mind it being licensed under [Apache 2][LICENSE].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the original work is entirely your own, then nothing needs to be done as long as you don't mind it being licensed under [Apache 2][LICENSE].
```

> Otherwise, you should make sure that this work is compatible with the [Apache 2][LICENSE] license,
> and discuss with a QSL Team member whether the work should be included and how.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, you should make sure that this work is compatible with the [Apache 2][LICENSE] license
and discuss with a QSL Team member whether the work can be included and how.
```
